Homework Assignment
===================

Example Antlr grammars are available in [`lectures/09-parser-gen/src/main/antlr3`](lectures/09-parser-gen/src/main/antlr3);
the SBT project folder is [`lectures/09-parser-gen`](lectures/09-parser-gen).

On `Regions.g`:

1. Rename, in the grammar `Regions.g` we have seen in the lecture, `floatNumber`
  to `float` everywhere in the grammar. Rebuild the project. Why do you get an
  error? Does this error happen because Antlr is a generator? Could a smarter
  generator avoid this problem?

2. Suppose that we start adding many more binary constructors to the Regions language, similarly to `scale` and `union` (they are called constructors because they construct a new language).
  All those binary operators are defined by similar syntaxes: a fixed function name, an open parenthesis, an operand, a comma, another operand, and a closed parenthesis.
  Can we abstract over this pattern?

On `SimpleCalc.g`:

3. Extend the calculator grammar with support for exponentiation, represented in Antlr concrete syntax by `NUMBER '^' NUMBER`. It should
  have higher priority than multiplication and division, just like multiplication and division have higher priority than addition and subtraction.

4. To extend the grammar with operators with additional precedence levels, as
   requested in question 3, you need to follow a pattern.
   Can we abstract over this pattern?

5. We use, in the calculator grammar, the rule:

        expr    : addend ( ( PLUS | MINUS )  expr )? ;

   This rule can be rewritten to another rule, which induces the same context-free grammar:

        expr    : expr   ( ( PLUS | MINUS )  addend )? ;

   Are these rules equivalent also in Antlr? Try that out.
   Can you explain Antlr's behavior?
   Remember that Antlr generates a *recursive-descent parser*. (If that does not help, the keyword you'll need to learn about is left-recursion).
   Discussion question: Why is it important that two such equivalent rules are also equivalent in code?
