Starting from the last version of the code from the lecture, which I just published:
- write a language interface for Regions in this style (at least circle, translate and union). The representation type for regions should be `Rep[Region]`. What about the parameters? Can you use just `Vector` or do you need to have `Rep[Vector]`?

- add an evaluation semantics for a simple language feature of your choice, and actually run a program. If appropriate, you can use the evaluation semantics for HOAS functions defined in the trait HelpersForExercises.Eval.

- Try implementing from scratch a simple version of map fusion, for the language defined by the Lists.Semantics language interface.
Hint: extend `Lists.Reification` and override `list_map`.

  To run this code, you'll need to reuse reification for functions. Here's how:

  ```scala
  object ListMapFusionHOAS extends ListMapFusion with HOASAdvanced.Reification {
    type Language = Lists.Semantics with HOAS.Semantics
  }
  ```

- To understand shortcut fusion, try implementing a language semantics for list constructors `ListCons.Semantics`, providing methods `cons` and `nil`, corresponding to the Scala constructors `::` and `Nil`. Write a function `toSem` which traverses a list and produces calls to the functions of the language interface, such that for instance `toSem(List(1, 2, 3))(s)` is equivalent to `s.cons(1, s.cons(2, s.cons(3, s.nil)))`. Compare this function to `List.foldRight` from the Scala standard library.
Write a reification semantics for it. Is it the inverse of `toSem`? Is it the inverse of `Exp.fold`? How does `Exp.fold` compare to `List.foldRight`?
The reification semantics is analogous to the `build` primitive used in shortcut fusion. To understand the principle behind shortcut fusion, consider the expression

  `toSem(List(1, 2, 3))(r).fold(s)`

  where `s` implements `ListCons.Semantics` and `r` extends `Reification`. Do we actually need to reify the expression and then fold it again?
